caption for each place:

1- Alexandria Library                                              |
 The ancient Library of Alexandria, which was built by Alexander the
 Great in ancient times, remains a memory today, but the modern 
 Library of Alexandria, which took its place and opened in 2002, 
 is a living example of the grandeur of this architecture, if it had 
 not existed among us until now! This architectural masterpiece is 
 more than just a large library, because it includes art galleries, 
 many museums, a planetarium, and others. We always discover 
 something new when we visit it every time!
 
2- Qaitbay castle
 It is one of the most famous tourist attractions in Alexandria, and 
 it adopted more than 500 years ago the place of the ancient 
 lighthouse of Alexandria, which is by the way one of the seven 
 wonders of the ancient world! If you like to walk by the sea and 
 eat ice cream from Makram or Azza, especially during very hot summer 
 days, we advise you to visit the Qaitbay Citadel and take it to the 
 first place you go in Alexandria! Also, for those who would like to 
 enjoy a Sufi experience that will not be repeated, we advise them to 
 visit the Mosque of Al-Mursi Abu Al-Abbas in the Bahri region, which 
 is the mosque in which is the tomb of Sheikh Abu Al-Abbas Al-Mursi, 
 one of the most famous Sufi sheikhs!
 
3- Royal Jewelery Museum
 This building in itself is an architectural masterpiece, whether in 
 its interior decorations, frescoes, or even in its beautiful stained 
 glass windows! For those interested in history, this European-style 
 villa was owned by Princess Fatima al-Zahra, one of the princesses of 
 the royal family. If we go to the antiques and jewelry in the museum, 
 we will find a bouquet of the most beautiful and wonderful watches and 
 various antique coins that date back to the Roman, Byzantine, Persian 
 and Coptic eras, not to mention the Egyptian, Turkish and foreign
 decorations and necklaces inlaid with jewelry and gold that 
 belonged to members of the family of Muhammad Ali Pasha!
 
4- Cleopatra's Palace
 You will need to take an underwater diving trip to visit and see the 
 remains of “Cleopatra’s Palace” or “The Sunken Royal Quarter”, which 
 is one of the most famous sunken monuments in the world, and it is 
 believed that these monuments sank due to a major earthquake that 
 struck the coasts of Alexandria more than 1400 years ago! The depth 
 is not large and strong, about 10 meters, so even if you are a 
 beginner in diving, the subject will not be difficult! However, 
 imagine with us the experience of enjoying watching the old streets, 
 sphinxes, masts and columns appearing from this water! 
 In short, you must visit Cleopatra's Palace with any wish!
 
5- Alexandria National Museum
 The museum is an Italianate-style palace, built by one of Alexandria's
 rich timber merchants, but has been turned into a museum in recent 
 years with a complete renovation. The museum includes many antiquities,
 including pieces dating back to the Pharaonic, Roman, Byzantine and 
 Islamic eras. The museum also has an open-air theater for performances 
 at night.
 
6- THE 5 BEST Street Food Spots in Alexandria
 Like many of the peoples of the Mediterranean, we love the delicious 
 food and delicious drinks that the sellers serve here on carts or in
 different places in the streets of Alexandria. Everyone loves cotton 
 candy, lupine, and potatoes (a strong sweet dish, especially in winter). 
 As for juices, it contains cane juice, tamarind, carob, licorice and sobia 
 (a delicious mixture of barley, milk and coconut). If you are at the sea, 
 you must eat the fresca (thin biscuits mixed with honey and nuts).
 
7- THE 5 BEST Cafés in Alexandria
 The city of Alexandria, the bride of the Mediterranean, enjoys a large
 number of the finest cafés, whether on the Corniche, or in various parts
 of it. Alexandria Cafés are distinguished by sophistication and elegance 
 in designs, as well as the splendor and beauty of the indoor and outdoor 
 sessions. There are various cafes in the city of Alexandria, where there 
 are cafes suitable for young people, and others suitable for families. 
 There is a group of city cafes, enjoying wide popularity, both among its 
 residents or even among tourists and visitors to the city. Find out 
 through this article a list of the best Alexandria cafes that are 
 recommended to visit and try for yourself…
 
8- Souk El Attarine Alexandria
 Souk Attarine is a maze of shops in narrow lanes selling tea, spices, 
 souvenirs and various handicrafts. And no matter how much you visit 
 this market, there is always something new in it, and you will always 
 find sellers who have time to lather with you and others! There is also 
 the old Attarine Mosque, which is considered one of the oldest mosques 
 in Alexandria and one of the ancient Islamic monuments.

9- Montazh Gerdens Alexandria
 Al-Montazah Gardens, with its charming view of the Mediterranean, was
 once a major resort for the royal family until the era of Farouk I. 
 In short, it is a great place to escape the summer heat and enjoy the
 shade of its giant trees. The gardens extend to Al Muntazah Beach and
 are a great choice for families and those who like a sunset stroll.
 
10- Stanley Bridge
 A very popular custom in Alexandria is to take a walk on the Stanley 
 Bridge and see the sun at sunset. Try walking on the Corniche and enjoy
 watching the young children playing around you or the elderly while 
 they are engrossed in playing backgammon, then turn around to a café 
 and sit on it and watch the last lights of the day, and then go to 
 Alloul’s restaurant “Minoch” and eat the most beautiful Italian pizza
 there. Believe me, it's real fun!
 